c:\Users\Dan\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Wygaszenia\Wygaszenia\bin\Release\Wygaszenia.exe.config
c:\Users\Dan\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Wygaszenia\Wygaszenia\bin\Release\Wygaszenia.exe
c:\Users\Dan\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Wygaszenia\Wygaszenia\bin\Release\Wygaszenia.pdb
c:\Users\Dan\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Wygaszenia\Wygaszenia\bin\Release\MonoGame.Framework.dll
c:\Users\Dan\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Wygaszenia\Wygaszenia\bin\Release\SharpDX.Direct3D11.dll
c:\Users\Dan\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Wygaszenia\Wygaszenia\bin\Release\SharpDX.DXGI.dll
c:\Users\Dan\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Wygaszenia\Wygaszenia\bin\Release\MonoGame.Framework.xml
c:\Users\Dan\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Wygaszenia\Wygaszenia\bin\Release\SharpDX.Direct3D11.pdb
c:\Users\Dan\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Wygaszenia\Wygaszenia\bin\Release\SharpDX.Direct3D11.xml
c:\Users\Dan\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Wygaszenia\Wygaszenia\bin\Release\SharpDX.DXGI.pdb
c:\Users\Dan\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Wygaszenia\Wygaszenia\bin\Release\SharpDX.DXGI.xml
c:\Users\Dan\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Wygaszenia\Wygaszenia\obj\Release\Wygaszenia.Wygaszenia.resources
c:\Users\Dan\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Wygaszenia\Wygaszenia\obj\Release\Wygaszenia.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\Users\Dan\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Wygaszenia\Wygaszenia\obj\Release\Wygaszenia.csproj.GenerateResource.cache
c:\Users\Dan\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Wygaszenia\Wygaszenia\obj\Release\Wygaszenia.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\Users\Dan\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Wygaszenia\Wygaszenia\obj\Release\Wygaszenia.csproj.CopyComplete
c:\Users\Dan\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Wygaszenia\Wygaszenia\obj\Release\Wygaszenia.exe
c:\Users\Dan\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Wygaszenia\Wygaszenia\obj\Release\Wygaszenia.pdb
c:\Users\user\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Wygaszenia\Wygaszenia\bin\Release\Wygaszenia.exe.config
c:\Users\user\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Wygaszenia\Wygaszenia\bin\Release\Wygaszenia.exe
c:\Users\user\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Wygaszenia\Wygaszenia\bin\Release\Wygaszenia.pdb
c:\Users\user\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Wygaszenia\Wygaszenia\bin\Release\MonoGame.Framework.dll
c:\Users\user\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Wygaszenia\Wygaszenia\bin\Release\SharpDX.Direct3D11.dll
c:\Users\user\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Wygaszenia\Wygaszenia\bin\Release\SharpDX.DXGI.dll
c:\Users\user\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Wygaszenia\Wygaszenia\bin\Release\MonoGame.Framework.xml
c:\Users\user\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Wygaszenia\Wygaszenia\bin\Release\SharpDX.Direct3D11.pdb
c:\Users\user\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Wygaszenia\Wygaszenia\bin\Release\SharpDX.Direct3D11.xml
c:\Users\user\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Wygaszenia\Wygaszenia\bin\Release\SharpDX.DXGI.pdb
c:\Users\user\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Wygaszenia\Wygaszenia\bin\Release\SharpDX.DXGI.xml
c:\Users\user\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Wygaszenia\Wygaszenia\obj\Release\Wygaszenia.Wygaszenia.resources
c:\Users\user\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Wygaszenia\Wygaszenia\obj\Release\Wygaszenia.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\Users\user\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Wygaszenia\Wygaszenia\obj\Release\Wygaszenia.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\Users\user\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Wygaszenia\Wygaszenia\obj\Release\Wygaszenia.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\Users\user\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Wygaszenia\Wygaszenia\obj\Release\Wygaszenia.exe
c:\Users\user\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Wygaszenia\Wygaszenia\obj\Release\Wygaszenia.pdb
c:\Users\Dan\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Wygaszenia\Wygaszenia\bin\Release\SharpDX.dll
c:\Users\Dan\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Wygaszenia\Wygaszenia\bin\Release\SharpDX.pdb
c:\Users\Dan\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Wygaszenia\Wygaszenia\obj\Release\Wygaszenia.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\user\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Wygaszenia\Wygaszenia\obj\Release\Wygaszenia.csproj.CopyComplete
c:\Users\user\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Wygaszenia\Wygaszenia\bin\Release\SharpDX.D3DCompiler.dll
c:\Users\user\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Wygaszenia\Wygaszenia\bin\Release\SharpDX.Direct3D11.Effects.dll
c:\Users\user\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Wygaszenia\Wygaszenia\bin\Release\SharpDX.dll
c:\Users\user\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Wygaszenia\Wygaszenia\bin\Release\SharpDX.pdb
c:\Users\user\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Wygaszenia\Wygaszenia\bin\Release\SharpDX.D3DCompiler.pdb
c:\Users\user\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Wygaszenia\Wygaszenia\bin\Release\SharpDX.D3DCompiler.xml
c:\Users\user\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Wygaszenia\Wygaszenia\bin\Release\SharpDX.Direct3D11.Effects.pdb
c:\Users\user\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Wygaszenia\Wygaszenia\bin\Release\SharpDX.Direct3D11.Effects.xml
c:\Users\user\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Wygaszenia\Wygaszenia\obj\Release\Wygaszenia.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\user\OneDrive\Dokumenty\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Wygaszenia\Wygaszenia\bin\Release\Wygaszenia.exe.config
C:\Users\user\OneDrive\Dokumenty\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Wygaszenia\Wygaszenia\bin\Release\Wygaszenia.exe
C:\Users\user\OneDrive\Dokumenty\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Wygaszenia\Wygaszenia\bin\Release\Wygaszenia.pdb
C:\Users\user\OneDrive\Dokumenty\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Wygaszenia\Wygaszenia\bin\Release\MonoGame.Framework.dll
C:\Users\user\OneDrive\Dokumenty\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Wygaszenia\Wygaszenia\bin\Release\SharpDX.D3DCompiler.dll
C:\Users\user\OneDrive\Dokumenty\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Wygaszenia\Wygaszenia\bin\Release\SharpDX.Direct3D11.dll
C:\Users\user\OneDrive\Dokumenty\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Wygaszenia\Wygaszenia\bin\Release\SharpDX.Direct3D11.Effects.dll
C:\Users\user\OneDrive\Dokumenty\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Wygaszenia\Wygaszenia\bin\Release\SharpDX.dll
C:\Users\user\OneDrive\Dokumenty\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Wygaszenia\Wygaszenia\bin\Release\SharpDX.DXGI.dll
C:\Users\user\OneDrive\Dokumenty\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Wygaszenia\Wygaszenia\bin\Release\MonoGame.Framework.xml
C:\Users\user\OneDrive\Dokumenty\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Wygaszenia\Wygaszenia\bin\Release\SharpDX.pdb
C:\Users\user\OneDrive\Dokumenty\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Wygaszenia\Wygaszenia\bin\Release\SharpDX.D3DCompiler.pdb
C:\Users\user\OneDrive\Dokumenty\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Wygaszenia\Wygaszenia\bin\Release\SharpDX.D3DCompiler.xml
C:\Users\user\OneDrive\Dokumenty\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Wygaszenia\Wygaszenia\bin\Release\SharpDX.Direct3D11.pdb
C:\Users\user\OneDrive\Dokumenty\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Wygaszenia\Wygaszenia\bin\Release\SharpDX.Direct3D11.xml
C:\Users\user\OneDrive\Dokumenty\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Wygaszenia\Wygaszenia\bin\Release\SharpDX.Direct3D11.Effects.pdb
C:\Users\user\OneDrive\Dokumenty\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Wygaszenia\Wygaszenia\bin\Release\SharpDX.Direct3D11.Effects.xml
C:\Users\user\OneDrive\Dokumenty\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Wygaszenia\Wygaszenia\bin\Release\SharpDX.DXGI.pdb
C:\Users\user\OneDrive\Dokumenty\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Wygaszenia\Wygaszenia\bin\Release\SharpDX.DXGI.xml
C:\Users\user\OneDrive\Dokumenty\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Wygaszenia\Wygaszenia\obj\Release\Wygaszenia.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\user\OneDrive\Dokumenty\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Wygaszenia\Wygaszenia\obj\Release\Wygaszenia.Wygaszenia.resources
C:\Users\user\OneDrive\Dokumenty\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Wygaszenia\Wygaszenia\obj\Release\Wygaszenia.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\user\OneDrive\Dokumenty\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Wygaszenia\Wygaszenia\obj\Release\Wygaszenia.csproj.GenerateResource.cache
C:\Users\user\OneDrive\Dokumenty\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Wygaszenia\Wygaszenia\obj\Release\Wygaszenia.csproj.CopyComplete
C:\Users\user\OneDrive\Dokumenty\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Wygaszenia\Wygaszenia\obj\Release\Wygaszenia.exe
C:\Users\user\OneDrive\Dokumenty\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Wygaszenia\Wygaszenia\obj\Release\Wygaszenia.pdb
